hey last year today we're going to show
you how you can unpack is your vanity
cabinetry and don't come here we are in
the warehouse where we package and ship
your product to you and what we want to
do is show you when you receive our
product how you are going to remove it
from the packaging one of the first
things you do before the delivery guy
leaves is inspect your product take your
hand make sure that the stone that you
have is intact there are no cracks
once you've ensured that the top is in
one piece make sure that you at the same
time take a look at the packaging if you
notice any damages to the packaging open
up the packaging on the spot see if
there's any kind of damage to the
product itself if there is any serious
damage notify the driver at that point
he'll tell you what to do if it's just a
door that's damaged or whatnot keep the
product we'll make arrangements to get a
new door to you now that you've accepted
the product let's go ahead and open up
the packaging what you would do first of
all is pull the plastic away from the
pallet I'll slowly start to cut on the
backside of the product so you're not
damaging the product itself
remove the plastic once you remove the
plastic you must remove the strap which
is holding the counter top to the pallet
take a pair of snips and cut off the
thing once you've done this you can then
remove this from the pallet and place it
to the side once you've removed the
countertop from the pallet slowly place
it on the ground
the grip the stone itself is protected
with these four corners make sure it's
on a flat surface once it's down here
you can see that your backsplash and
side splash are protected with a two by
two piece of wood remove that piece of
wood by on take taking out the screws
loose screws remove the piece of wood
you now have access to your backsplash
and your side splash slowly remove these
and place them on a flat surface again
to protect them
again always being careful not to damage
the product to remove the actual top
from the box you have to continue taking
out the screws for some more supports in
here you can now take the countertop out
of the packaging and again it's a
two-person job just to protect yourself
and the top you now removed it take it
and place up against the wall out of the
way
so we're ready to take out the cabinet
once you've removed the top you can now
proceed to taking apart the packaging
from the cabinet itself always remember
to remove from the back when you're
taking the packaging off so you're not
damaging the top of the cabinet itself
so cut away the tape if you had if
you've ordered any fellowships that will
be located within the cabinet remove
that put it on the side so once you've
cut away the tape from the back again
make sure you're careful not to damage
the top in any way remove the packaging
and now you're able to take off the
remainder of the packaging and remove it
from the pallet
once you've received your cabinet and
you've open it up for the packaging open
the top drawer inside the drawer you
will find any loose handles
or anything of that nature and a bag
attached to the drawer touch-up marker
as long with care and maintenance
information and adjustments to the door
and drawers remember when you're using a
utility blade to open the package it's
so easy to damage the product itself so
be careful take the proper precautions
to open from the back slowly and
carefully the most important part of
removing everything from the pallet is
remove your stone top first that's the
most important thing because if you do
not remove the stone top you take off
the cabinet it's possible that the stone
can fall down and damaged and we don't
want that these little plastic feet at
the bottom of the cabinets are installed
to protect the cabinet during
transportation it's up to you if you
want to keep them on there the pros of
having them on there is it's slightly
off the ground to protect from any
moisture on your flooring and the Mekons
would be that if you left them on you
you know it would even see a little bit
of a gap on the bottom of the cabinet
when you install it so it's up to you if
you want to remove it or leave them on
and you're ready to install
you